{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Georgia;}{\f1 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\fs24
I've made 943 serious mistakes in my life. I'm documenting every one of them so you don't have to make the same ones. My name is Lou Zerr. Here's another 2 of 943 (part 3 of 7).\par\par\par
The Forty-Five Seconds\par\par\par
Lockup day was a Tuesday and I wore a tie to work for no reason.\par\par\par
Lockup day was a Tuesday and I wore a tie to work for no reason.\par\par\par
I didn't usually wear a tie. Nobody at the company wore a tie except the CFO and a guy in sales we called Powerpoint Greg. But that morning I knotted a navy tie with little white anchors on it and stood in front of the mirror and told my reflection that today was a serious day requiring serious decisions. My reflection looked like a guy who'd lost six pounds in three weeks from refreshing Yahoo Finance.\par\par\par
The stock had closed at $45.20 the day before.\par\par\par
Dan's plan, which I had spent six weeks talking myself out of, was to put in a limit order the night before for half my shares at market open and walk away. I had not done this. I had instead spent the previous evening reading a Motley Fool message board where a user named CoiledSpring2000 had laid out, with charts, why our stock was about to triple by Christmas.\par\par\par
I got to my desk at 8:14 a.m. Eastern. The market opened at 9:30. I had seventy-six minutes to do nothing. I did not do nothing. I opened the trade window. I typed in the number of shares that represented half my position. I stared at the field. I closed the window. I opened it again. I typed in a smaller number. I stared at it. I closed the window. I went to the kitchenette and Dan was not there, which felt like a sign, although a sign of what I couldn't say.\par\par\par
9:30 hit. The stock opened at $44.10. Down a dollar from the close. I told myself that was fine. Mornings were jittery. Wait for the afternoon. I had a thing I told myself called the eleven a.m. rule, which I had invented at approximately 9:32 a.m. that morning.\par\par\par
Eleven a.m. came. The stock was at $42.80. I told myself I'd sell at forty-five. Forty-five had been the close yesterday. Forty-five was a fair number. Forty-five was the floor.\par\par\par
It did not hit forty-five.\par\par\par
It hit 43.10 at noon and I went to lunch with a guy from product and ate a turkey sandwich I do not remember tasting. When I came back it was at 41.90. I told myself I'd sell at forty-three. Forty-three was a fair number. Forty-three was a respectable number. A new floor had been established mentally, retroactively, by me, in my chair, eating Altoids.\par\par\par
It did not hit forty-three.\par\par\par
By 3:15 it was at 40.50 and I had moved my mental floor to forty-one and was sweating through the navy tie. I opened the trade window one more time. I typed in the shares. My finger was on the mouse. The screen showed the order ready to go. All I had to do was click.\par\par\par
I did not click.\par\par\par
I sat there for what I now know was forty-five seconds because the screensaver kicked in at sixty and I had to move the mouse to keep it from going dark. I moved the mouse. The trade window was still there. The shares were still typed in. The price had ticked down to 40.30. I told myself I would not sell at a price that felt like surrender. I told myself selling now was capitulation. I told myself I had not come this far to walk away at a loss.\par\par\par
I closed the trade window.\par\par\par
The stock closed that day at 39.80. I went home and didn't tell my wife I hadn't sold. I told her the market was choppy and I was going to wait for a better print. She looked at me with a mixture of concern and disappointment that I'd seen before.\par\par\par
Next month it was at twenty-eight. Next quarter, fifteen. I held. I held the way a man holds a steering wheel as the car goes over the cliff.\par\par\par
Next, behind the paywall: the day I finally sold, and the phone call to my brother-in-law.\par\par\par
Next, behind the paywall: the day I finally sold, and the phone call to my brother-in-law.\par\par\par
\emdash  Lou\par\par\par
---\par\par\par
I had this idea in 2000 - https://www.stockarithm.com.  I am such a loser that I am giving this guy free publicity.  Don't be a loser.  Watch your market signals.`:wq\par\par\par
I spent 25 years building the wrong things. So I built a system that tells you if your startup idea is already dead before you waste 6 months on it. $97, 48 hours, you get back everything \emdash  brief, pricing, name, SEO, marketing copy, GTM plan.\par\par\par
->  Find out if your idea is already dead: https://buy.stripe.com/fZu4gy2Na4zU2kM3Od87K00\par

}