{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Georgia;}{\f1 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\fs24
I've made 943 serious mistakes in my life. I'm documenting every one of them so you don't have to make the same ones. My name is Lou Zerr. Here's another 2 of 943 (part 2 of 7).\par\par\par
Dan From Finance and the Kitchenette\par\par\par
By August the stock had been to fifty-eight and back to forty-one twice and I had started lying about how often I checked it.\par\par\par
By August the stock had been to fifty-eight and back to forty-one twice and I had started lying about how often I checked it.\par\par\par
I told my wife I checked it once a day. I checked it eleven times a day. I checked it in the bathroom on my Palm Pilot. I checked it in the car at red lights using a service called Quote.com that sent SMS replies if you texted a ticker. I checked it during my niece's baptism. I checked it during a dental cleaning. I checked it in bed at 2 a.m. and told my wife it was a work email when she rolled over.\par\par\par
The company was fine. That was the worst part. The company was actually fine. We were signing hospitals. The Charlotte deal had expanded. The CFO had stopped wearing brown shoes with a black belt, which I took as a sign of growing professionalism. Our quarterly numbers came in slightly ahead of guidance and the stock dropped six dollars on the day of the announcement because some analyst in Manhattan had wanted slightly more ahead of guidance than we'd delivered.\par\par\par
That was when I should have noticed. The disconnect. Real company, real customers, real revenue, and the stock moving like a coin flip in a wind tunnel. But I didn't think about it that way. I thought: it'll come back. The fundamentals are sound. I had learned the phrase "the fundamentals are sound" from a CNBC anchor and I deployed it on my wife, my brother-in-law, my dad, and a guy at a Labor Day cookout who hadn't asked.\par\par\par
Dan from finance pulled me aside at the kitchenette in early September.\par\par\par
Dan was maybe forty-five. He wore short-sleeved button-downs and had a daughter at Penn State. He had been at three companies before ours, all of which had IPO'd, two of which had cratered. He poured himself coffee out of the carafe that always had a film on top because nobody cleaned it. He looked at me the way a vet looks at a dog he's about to give bad news about.\par\par\par
He said, "Lou. The lockup lifts on the twenty-third."\par\par\par
I said I knew.\par\par\par
He said, "When it lifts, sell half. Don't think. Don't pray. Don't check the price that morning. Put in a limit order the night before for half your shares at market open and walk away from the terminal."\par\par\par
I said, "Half feels like a lot."\par\par\par
He said, "Half feels like a lot until you're sitting on zero."\par\par\par
Then he did this thing where he tapped the side of his coffee mug twice with his ring finger. I don't know why I remember that. I remember the tap. I remember the film on the coffee. I remember his short-sleeved shirt was light blue with a pen mark over the pocket. I remember thinking: Dan doesn't understand. Dan has been burned before. Dan is a finance guy, not a product guy. Dan doesn't see what's happening with hospitals in the southeast.\par\par\par
Dan saw exactly what was happening. Dan saw a thirty-one-year-old who checked stock prices eleven times a day and told himself stories about market fundamentals while ignoring obvious warning signs.\par\par\par
I nodded the way you nod when someone tells you to wear sunscreen. I made the face people make when they've already decided to ignore the advice but want the conversation to end. Dan saw that face too. He drank his coffee. He walked back to his desk.\par\par\par
I went to my desk and refreshed Yahoo Finance. The stock was at forty-seven. I told myself forty-seven was fine. Forty-seven was a coiled spring. Forty-seven was a launching pad. I had a list of words for forty-seven and not one of them was "warning."\par\par\par
I also did not put in the limit order that night. Or the night after. Or the night after that.\par\par\par
Next: lockup day. The mouse. The forty-five seconds.\par\par\par
Next: lockup day. The mouse. The forty-five seconds.\par\par\par
\emdash  Lou\par\par\par
---\par\par\par
I had this idea in 2000 - https://www.stockarithm.com.  I am such a loser that I am giving this guy free publicity.  Don't be a loser.  Watch your market signals.`:wq\par\par\par
I spent 25 years building the wrong things. So I built a system that tells you if your startup idea is already dead before you waste 6 months on it. $97, 48 hours, you get back everything \emdash  brief, pricing, name, SEO, marketing copy, GTM plan.\par\par\par
->  Find out if your idea is already dead: https://buy.stripe.com/fZu4gy2Na4zU2kM3Od87K00\par

}